README.md, before:

# YouTube Downloader Project

This is an educational project demonstrating how to download YouTube videos using React and TypeScript.

## Server

The server for this project can be found at [this link](https://github.com/emutis21/server-yt-downloader).

## Project Structure

The project is structured as follows:

- `src/`: Contains the source code of the project.
  - `components/`: Contains the React components used in the application.
  - `contexts/`: Contains the React contexts used in the application.
  - `hooks/`: Contains the custom React hooks used in the application.
  - `styles/`: Contains the CSS style files.
  - `validations/`: Contains the validation schemas for input data.
- `public/`: Contains the static files of the application.
- `vite.config.ts`: Contains the Vite configuration for the project.
- `tsconfig.json`: Contains the TypeScript configuration for the project.

## How to Run the Project

To run this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
4. Run `npm start` to start the development server.

## Contributions

This is an educational project and contributions are welcome. If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to open an issue or make a pull request.

Commit message:

Add runme metadata and demo video link

README.md, after:

---
runme:
  id: 01HJGXCP75FZG7Z7V5E8ES59H5
  version: v2.0
---

# YouTube Downloader Project

This is an educational project demonstrating how to download YouTube videos using React and TypeScript.

## Server

The server for this project can be found at [this link](https://github.com/emutis21/server-yt-downloader).

## Project Structure

The project is structured as follows:

- `src/`: Contains the source code of the project.
   - `components/`: Contains the React components used in the application.
   - `contexts/`: Contains the React contexts used in the application.
   - `hooks/`: Contains the custom React hooks used in the application.
   - `styles/`: Contains the CSS style files.
   - `validations/`: Contains the validation schemas for input data.

- `public/`: Contains the static files of the application.
- `vite.config.ts`: Contains the Vite configuration for the project.
- `tsconfig.json`: Contains the TypeScript configuration for the project.

## How to Run the Project

To run this project, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository.
2. Navigate to the project directory.
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.
4. Run `npm start` to start the development server.

# Demo

[See video](/public/assets/Youtube-Downloader.mp4)

## Contributions

This is an educational project and contributions are welcome. If you have any questions or suggestions, feel free to open an issue or make a pull request.
